Add security threat submission beta api docs (#16242)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/security-tenantallowblocklistentryresult.md

---
title: "tenantAllowBlockListEntryResult resource type"
description: "Represents tenant allow block list entry result"
author: "caigen"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "security"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# tenantAllowBlockListEntryResult resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph.security

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> Represents tenant allow block list entry result. It is an entry for tenant allow block list item which could be url, attachment or senders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Represents result of tenant allow block list entry. It is an entry for tenant allow block list item that could be url, attachment or senders.
```

## Properties
| Property           | Type                          | Description                                             |
|:-------------------|:------------------------------|:--------------------------------------------------------|

> | entryType          | tenantAllowBlockListEntryType | The tenant allow block list entry type.                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| entryType          | tenantAllowBlockListEntryType | It specifies whether it is an "allow" or "block" type of entry in the tenant allow block list.  |
```

> | entryType          | tenantAllowBlockListEntryType | The entry type of tenant allow block list. The possible values are: `url`, `fileHash`, `sender` and `recipient`.  |

Reviewer 2: Please remember to always add unknownFutureValue to the list of possible values.

> | expirationDateTime | DateTimeOffset                | The expiration date time for this entry.                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| expirationDateTime | DateTimeOffset                | It is used to specify when will this entry expire in date time? |
```

> | identity           | String                        | The identity. |

Reviewer 2: Line 23: Is this description clear enough for developers? I think it generates questions like: The identity of what? What type of information is supposed to be provided in the string?

Author: ```suggestion
| identity           | String                        | The identity of the entry which is generated by tenant allow block list system. |
```

> | status             | longRunningOperationStatus    | The tenant allow block operation result for this entry. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| status             | longRunningOperationStatus    | It is used to specify whether the tenant allow block list entry creation operation was successful or not |
```

> | value              | String                        | The tenant allow block list value.                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| value              | String                        | It is used to specify the value of the created Tenant allow block list entry.  |
```

> | status             | longRunningOperationStatus    | The tenant allow block operation status for this entry. The possible values are: `notStarted`, `running`, `succeeded`, `failed` and `skipped`. |

Author: ```suggestion
| status             | longRunningOperationStatus    | It is used to specify whether the tenant allow block list entry creation operation was successful or not. The possible values are: `notStarted`, `running`, `succeeded`, `failed` and `skipped`. |
```

> | entryType          | tenantAllowBlockListEntryType | The entry type of tenant allow block list. The possible values are: `url`, `fileHash`, `sender` and `recipient`.  |
> | expirationDateTime | DateTimeOffset                | Specifies when will this entry expire in date time. |
> | identity           | String                        | The identity of the entry which is generated by tenant allow block list system. |
> | status             | longRunningOperationStatus    | It is used to specify whether the tenant allow block list entry creation operation was successful or not. The possible values are: `notStarted`, `running`, `succeeded`, `failed` and `skipped`. |
> | value              | String                        | It is used to specify the value of the created tenant allow block list entry.  |

Author: ```suggestion
| entryType          | tenantAllowBlockListEntryType | The entry type of tenant allow block list. The possible values are: `url`, `fileHash`, `sender`, `recipient` and `unkownFutureValue`.  |
| expirationDateTime | DateTimeOffset                | Specifies when will this entry expire in date time. |
| identity           | String                        | The identity of the entry which is generated by tenant allow block list system. |
| status             | longRunningOperationStatus    | It is used to specify whether the tenant allow block list entry creation operation was successful or not. The possible values are: `notStarted`, `running`, `succeeded`, `failed`, `skipped` and `unkownFutureValue`. |
| value              | String                        | It is used to specify the value of the created tenant allow block list entry.  |
```
